Readme and other files (#2)
guacsec/sw-id-core: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Per the Linux Foundation Vulnerability Disclosure Policy, if you find a vulnerability in a project maintained by the Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF), please report that directly to the project maintaining that code, preferably using GitHub's Private Vulnerability Reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Per the Linux Foundation Vulnerability Disclosure Policy, if you find a vulnerability in a project maintained by the Open Source Security Foundation (OpenSSF), please [report that directly to the project](https://github.com/guacsec/sw-id-core/security).
```

Note that we don't actually have reporting enabled for this repo, so we might want to use `https://github.com/guacsec/guac/security/advisories/new` as the link target instead.

Author: Updated with a note to use the main repo.
